## Scenario

We have confirmed that the Terraform code would apply a new resource group via the `resource-groups` module. Terraform is initialised and logged into the appropriate Azure subscription.

To move the proof of concept further, it is necessary to create:
- 1 workspace
- 2 host pools (one Personal/Persistent; the other Pooled/BreadthFirst)
- 2 application groups
- 2 application group assignments

This task will focus on the first of these: the **workspace**.

## Task

1) A placeholder for the `workspaces` module exists, but it is currently empty.
    - Populate the `workspaces` module `main.tf` file.
    - The [Terraform Registry](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/virtual_desktop_workspace) entry for workspace will help to accomplish this.
    - This will require a `resource` block that accepts variables as part of the key-value pairs, for example: `name = var.workspace_name`.
    - Use lowercase and underscores for continuity with coding house style.
    - The `resource-groups` module should help in understanding how this should look.
2) Once the above is complete, move onto the `workspaces` module's `variables.tf` and populate with the vars called for in the module's main.tf.
    - Again, `resource-groups` module should help in understanding how this should look.
    - They will all be string types.
    - **Do not set any default values.**
3) Within the module `output.tf` file, add an output named `id` and set it to `azurerm_virtual_desktop_workspace.workspace.id`.
    - **NOTE**: If you call the resource block something other than `workspace` within the module `main.tf`, this reference must be updated.
    - Look at the output for `resource-groups` module to assist with how this should look.
    - This is necessary for a later task.
4) Navigate to the root `main.tf` (not the module's `main.tf`). Enter the required configuration to call the module.
    - Where the root `main.tf` calls the `resource-groups` module should again help here as it will be in the same fashion.
    - The values of `location` and `resource_group_name` should be provided dynamically from the values of the `resource-groups` module.
        - To help, location would look:
        ```
        location = module.resource-groups.location
        ```
        - This will look for a module call with a name of `resource-groups` (defined in the main.tf) and look for an output of location.
        - To see the names of the outputs, or to create/modify them, look in the module's `output.tf` file.
    - All other values should be variables (`var.workspace_name`, for example), which will need to be set in **task 5** and declared in **task 6**.
    - Additionally, add a condition so that it will not create unless the `resource-groups` module completes first.
        - This will require a [depends_on](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/meta-arguments/depends_on) setting.
5) Navigate to the `vars-dev.tfvars` file and add the necessary variables with the appropriate names.
6) Navigate to the root `variables.tf` and declare the newly created variables here.
7) Run `terraform fmt -recursive` to automatically tidy up the code.
8) Run `terraform validate` to check the newly added code is considered valid.
    - If it is not, read the errors and fix what needs fixing.
9) Run `terraform plan -var-file="./vars-dev.tfvars"`.
    - We should see a new resource group and a new workspace due to be created.