## Scenario

With a resource group, a workspace and 2 host pools now ready in code, it is necessary to have an application group and an application group association for each host pool.

The [application group](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/virtual_desktop_application_group) and the [application group association](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/virtual_desktop_workspace_application_group_association) Terraform registry entries should be used as a reference for this set of tasks.

This task will require the creation of
1 app group linked to the pooled host pool ID - with app group type `RemoteApp`
1 app group linked to the personal/persistent host pool ID - with app group type `Desktop`

## Task

### App Group Task:

The module for app-groups already exists. Note that you are required to create **two** app groups, but this module only accepts single vars at a time.

Modules can have the for_each within themselves directly, or be called via a for_each. This module should be called via a for_each in the root main.tf - this will require the output of the host-pool module's IDs.

As this is a new concept, here is some helper code for the root `main.tf`:

```
module "app-groups" {
  for_each = var.app_groups

  source              = "./modules/app-groups"
  app_group_name      = each.value.name
  app_group_type      = each.value.type
  host_pool_id        = module.host-pools.hp-ids[each.value.host_pool_key]
  .......
}
```

To assist with correctly pairing the app group with the right host pool, there is a starter within the `vars-dev.tfvars` under the app group heading. The second app group will need to be populated within the `vars-dev.tfvars` and appropriate config added to the root `variables.tf`. **Note that in the helper above, some values are missing — these should be deduced from previous examples**.

It is worth running the usual Terraform commands at this stage to confirm everything is as it should be
```
terraform fmt -recursive
terraform validate
terraform plan -var-file="./vars-dev.tfvars"
```

### App Group Association

With the app groups configured, they need to be associated with a workspace. There is **one** workspace, **two** host pools and **two** application groups.

As a reminder, each **app group** is linked to a **host pool** via the `host_pool_id` set during app group creation. Now the **app groups** need to be associated with the single **workspace**.

As this is a simple operation, there is no requirement for a `module` or new `variables` for this.

In the root `main.tf` add a resource block at the bottom for `azurerm_virtual_desktop_workspace_application_group_association`. This will need to have a for_each loop. This is to pick up each `app_group_id` output from the `app-groups` module call. The Terraform registry entry at the top of the task should be used as a reference point for the resource block and existing code should assist in being able to write the `for_each`.

Once defined, run the usual Terraform commands:
```
terraform fmt -recursive
terraform validate
terraform plan -var-file="./vars-dev.tfvars"
```

### Create the Resources

Once the `validate` and `plan` run as intended, run `terraform apply -var-file="./vars-dev.tfvars"`. This will run another plan and then ask for confirmation to continue and create the resources. This may take a few moments. Once created, log into the Azure portal to have a look at your resources and how they match the Terraform code.

To avoid leaving these resources running unnecessarily, remove them using Terraform by running `terraform destroy -var-file="./vars-dev.tfvars"`.