## Scenario

Your team wants to move towards a more DevOps-focused way of working. To achieve this, unattended automation and reusable workflows are necessary. This is where GitHub Actions (GHA) come in.

## Task

1) Navigate to `./.github/workflows` and take a look at: `01-task01.yml`.
    1) Note that this is in YAML. If you are new to YAML, the main thing to remember is that it **is case-sensitive** and **indentation must be correct and consistent**.
    2) This simple GHA runs an inline PowerShell script to say "Hello World! This is Task 01 for LnD GHA Training".
2) Log in to GitHub and access the [repository](https://github.com/MKirkpatrickMoJ/VDS-LnD).
    - Go to the `Actions` tab and select `LnD-GHA-Task01`.
    - Select the dropdown next to `Run workflow`. It is fine to run this one from `Branch: main`; for later tasks, this **will not** be the case.
    - Run workflow, select the run box and follow what it does.
        - Setup
        - Checkout Repo
        - Run Task01 Script (this should output the expected text)
        - Post checkout (this is an automatic cleanup task)
        - Complete!

## GHA explained

This task is simple to demonstrate how straightforward GHA can be.

This can be broken down into the core elements of the GHA:
```
on:
  workflow_dispatch
```
This allows the workflow to be run manually, as shown in step 2. This can also be configured to run on pull requests, or on every commit to the repository. There are many options here targeting specific file types, directories, or branches. This delves into CI/CD concepts, which are often more useful in application code than in infrastructure (although automated `terraform plans` as part of PRs are very helpful to prevent bad code entering production).

Next, the type of runner is determined (this is a container that spins up temporarily to complete the tasks).
```
jobs:
  run:
    runs-on: windows-latest
```
Here, the workflow requests a runner with the latest Windows Server image. It is possible to host private runners with custom images. This is useful where security is a concern (such as air-gapped environments or highly secure data), or where requirements are very specific (for example, particular versions of modules or software needed to compile applications).

Next, the job is defined:
```
    steps:
     - name: Checkout Repo
       uses: actions/checkout@v4

     - name: Run Task01 Script
       shell: pwsh
       run: |    
```
The first is to checkout the repository, this just places a copy of the repo into the working directory of the container. This ensures that all necessary files are available to the runner.
The first step checks out the repository, placing a copy of it into the runner working directory. This ensures all required files are available to the runner.
Next, it runs an inline PowerShell script. It is also possible to call an existing script, which is useful for more complex operations (this will be explored in Task 3).